I decided to get interviewed by VR Panorama [PANORA] Website: Part 4
So, I would like to move onto the final question. (Okay)
I think this is something that everybody has in their minds,
Okay, getting straight to the point: Is there a real person behind this?
(A real person?)
Yes a real person
Yes there is, its Kizuna Ai.
No no no no no
Not like that, uhh like a real person...
"Not like that a real person?"
Are you a bit mentally retarded?
(HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA)
When you say that to ME while being in this white reality of nothingness...
I'm starting to think there IS a serious problem with my mind
With the space around us being blank, your mind seems to be the same as well
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
You're kind of avoiding the question here but,
(No no no no no no) there IS a real person right?
Well 'this' is just a vessel, got it?
What?
I, Kizuna Ai is like this... soul within this shell, so yeah there is something
So, there's more?
Right, well... where do you think human souls go?
Hahahahahaha
(Mysterious Sermon on souls)
It goes up there, up there~
wow
I never expected to talk to Ai-chan about philosophical concepts
Yeah well, I am a genius A.I.
I'm amazed
Everybody, there isn't a real person behind all of this!
There isn't!
With that being said,
since you have attended an interview with us, we would like to show you something
(Oooohhh)
Here it is, a head-mount display called the Oculus Rift
If you put this on,
you will be transported into a virtual reality!
Wow
Even though you are an A.I., a Virtual Reality is added,
it almost is contradictory
(Contradictory?)
Today, you are going to experience a software called "Mikulus" where you can meet Hatsune Miku
Oh, I get to meet that Hatsune Miku senpai?
(Yes you can)
Oooooohhhh
So if you can just put this on....
There we go
Its outer space!
Wow~
Eh, wow, she's breathing
Well you are breathing too Ai-chan
Well I am but,
Miku Senpai isn't an A.I.
(Well yeah she isn't)
She's breathing!
Wow!
(If you can get a bit closer..)
Ah!
She's wearing glasses!
Ah, she looked this way~!
(Yes your eyes do meet)
She's looking this way
(She's staring at you)
She IS staring at me
She's staring right through me
My name is Kizuna Ai, nice to meet you!
How does it feel to have her right in front of you?
Its amazing!
So this is what it feels like,
for humans to experience VR
Yes it is
Like it is for me to meet you today, you are experiencing what I am through this
I am amazed
So, how much does this cost?
Well the Oculus Rift costs around eighty thousand yen,
ooh
a PC costs around two hundred thousand yen
(And the grand total is..)
Well if you have around three hundred thousand yen, you can make it work
Also!
A special price from I-Channel !
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
So stuff like that exists here,
So, how much is it?
Wait I have to lower the price?
(Yeah)
Its common sense
What I have to leave this behind..
Aaaand?
Its not 'aaaand'
eh?
Is this a robbery?
Even that, this is amazing!
She's sitting on the earth
Maybe you can one day, (Yeah I want to do that) like this, come to the real world
I want to go~
In order to do that,
This.
This?
This
okay..
I am beginning to feel like I am being influenced negatively by this reality
Getting bad influence?
Thats the spirit!
Hahahahahaha
You're getting used to it
As you can see, we have come to the age where we can meet Miku-san
Its amazing that we are here
Like Miku-senpai is really there
Like I can reach her but at the same time I can't...
Okay, that "Mikulus" that we had you experience,
is actually using 'Tda Type Append Miku'
Ah, its the same as me!
Yes it is
As we both know Tda is the one who modeled Ai-chan
(Yes thats ture)
(We're sisters!)
Indeed
In other words..
In other words,
I'm the younger sibling!
Who knows, we might see your character come out in a future release
Aahhhhh!
Oh yes please!
Top Brass, please make it work!
The amazing think about "Mikulus" is,
Yes
its just not seeing Miku-san but also
there is a concept where you can make her do things, such as jobs or tasks, practically anything in that reality
Oooh!
She can do tasks?
Yes she can,
In that reality, there is a desktop on the left side,
(Ah, the part where there was english written in green)
Yes, yes that
Ooohhh!
With the screen there,
and with Miku-san next to it,
it is possible to watch youtube videos or Ai-chans youtube videos on that big screen
(Oh wow!)
And if you look tight next to you, there is Miku-san,
and theres a small reaction from her
with just the eyes though
(Thats called cheating)
Hahahahahahahaha
Its pretty amazing,
but,
you can be there while we watch your videos
(Ahhh yep, that, thats good)
Cheating is not good!
I can perhaps introduce you to the creator or "Mikulus"
Ah!
Oh!
"Ailus"
Ailus? (Ailus)
Ailus (Ailus)
The day you two can meet might come
(I want that day to come!)
All you have to do is put on the head mount display,
you don't have to get punched so thats a good merit
That is a good merit everybody
Well I guess its something like this..
When the interview is over how am I supposed to get back?
Like how do I leave this reality?
Well, you have to fall asleep once again
Eh?!
Do I have to do that again?
"when you wake up you're in the middle of the ocean"
Really the ocean?
I want it to be on land
Okay, then if you can praise me in 3 ways
Say 3 good things about you?
Yes
Uhh first, your eyes are cute
Eyes? (Eyes)
The eyes of the VR Geezer is dead
Yeah, they're dead, they don't even blink
Well your eyes are cute
(My eyes are cute)
Next, your hair style?
(Hairstyle?)
(Hm, okay)
What else....
(Why are you thinking?!)
Woah, scary!
Oh crap, I can't leave here!
Yes you cant, well you can into the ocean
Ocean?
Yep
Please, not the ocean
Please not the ocean
I don't like being cold
Then, if you beat me in a game of rock paper scissors
I'll let you return to your reality
ROCK, PAPER, SCISORS!
Ah,
Into the ocean it is
not the ocean...
I'M JUST KIDDING!!
I'll return you properly,
I don't want to be arrested
Well you know, when you recover into youtube and you get a Ban,
you don't want that to happen right?
I cant seem to take your joke in...
I'm joking~
Can I really leave this reality?
Its ok, its ok
I want to eat a nice dinner..
Then..
Conclude this interview!
Thank you very much for today,
Hahahahahahahahaha
Its so bland!!
Hiyah!